chore: defaults were not accurate for several config options (#4685)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.6/reference/config-options.md

---

### query-concurrency

> Number of queries allowed to execute concurrently. Setting to 0 will allow an unlimited number of queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of queries allowed to execute concurrently.
Setting to `0` allows an unlimited number of concurrent queries.
```

### query-queue-size
Maximum number of queries allowed in execution queue.
When queue limit is reached, new queries are rejected.

> Setting to 0 will allow an unlimited number of queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting to `0` allows an unlimited number of queries in the queue.
```
